Normative: Rename breakType to precedingSegmentType (#72)
tc39/proposal-intl-segmenter: README.md

let iterator = segmenter.segment("Ceci n'est pas une pipe");

// Iterate over it!

> for (let {segment, precedingSegmentType } of iterator) {

Reviewer: There’s a space before `}` but no space after `{` after this change.

Author: Fixed, thanks.

>   console.log(`segment: ${segment} precedingSegmentType : ${precedingSegmentType}`);

Reviewer: Even more minor: now there’s a space before `:`.

#### `%SegmentIterator%.prototype.next()`

> The `next` method, to use finds the next boundary and returns an `IterationResult`, where the `value` is an object with fields `segment` and `precedingSegmentType`. The `segment` contains the substring between the previous break location and the newly found break location; the `precedingSegmentType` describes which sort of segment it is (TODO: define possible values, not part of UTS). This method defines the iteration protocol support for SegmentIterators, and is present for convenience; other methods expose a richer API.

Reviewer 2: `segment` should be removed per #70.
```suggestion
The `next` method finds the next boundary and returns an `IterationResult`, where the `value` is an object with fields `index` and `precedingSegmentType`. `index` contains the code unit index immediately following the newly found boundary; the `precedingSegmentType` describes which sort of segment it precedes it (TODO: define possible values, not part of UTS). This method defines the iteration protocol support for SegmentIterators, and is present for convenience; other methods expose a richer API.
```

Author: Yeah, these PRs will conflict, but I'm leaving them separate.

Return the code unit index of the most recently discovered break position, as an offset from the beginning of the string. Initially the `index` is 0.

#### `get %SegmentIterator%.prototype.precedingSegmentType`

> The `precedingSegmentType` of the segment which precedes the current iterator location in logical order. If there is no preceding segment (e.g., a just-instantiated SegmentIterator), or if the break type is "grapheme", then this will be `undefined`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The type of the segment which precedes the current iterator location in logical order. If there is no preceding segment (e.g., a just-instantiated SegmentIterator), or if the granularity is "grapheme", then this will be `undefined`.
```
